there are many challenges ranges
face pictures look at ranges as
obstacles they couldn't do
anything to make sure that they
get what they were they can kill
the ranges and got to discover
elsewhere one portion through
our knocks and be taught me the
animals that they're angels to
protect at times they also
killed this Harbor suspicions
when a poacher in just the
animal and the animal does not
difference between this range
and the pointer i lost a
vertical friend of mine was
killed by before that was
injured the love for the work
it's like a gift
you cannot to work without any
challenges we still working in
when we lose our friends